# Yaw On Mouse Mod - Nuclear Option

# Mod Origins

This mod was orginally created by Haika (_haika) on the Nuclear Option discord, i set out to convert this mod into a bepinex mod. The original mod by Haika can be found here:
https://discord.com/channels/909034158205059082/1319566766594068531/1319566766594068531

## Bepinex Version
This mod requires bepinex version [latest](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases/latest)

## Config Overview

The config for this mod can be found at `GameInstallDir\BepInEx\config\YawOnMouse.cfg`

`PlayerAxisControls_Patch` - This Config will enable or disable the patch.<br>
When the mod is first applied this will default to `true`

`AxisPatchType` - This Config chooses what type of behaviour the x-axis should do. <br>
When the mod is first applied this will default to `Yaw`

`ToggleKey` - This Config will set the key that will toggle the behaviour of the x-axis. <br>
When the mod is first applied this will default to `Y + LeftAlt`<br>
the behaviour of this config is "Main Key + Modifier Key", so for example "X + AltGr" is valid.

<br>
There are two behaviours:
- `Roll` - This is default behaviour of the x-axis
- `Yaw` - This makes the aircraft yaw on the x-axis

`UseCraftWhitelist` - This Config will enable or disable the aircraft whitelist, setting an entry to true means that
the patch will apply to it. 

The following is a list of the current aircraft
- CAS1 = brawler
- Darkreach = darkreach
- Multirole1 = ifrit
- Fighter1 = revoker
- QuadVTOL1 = tarantula
- AttackHelo1 = chicane
- SmallFighter1 = vortex
- trainer = compass
- EW1 = medusa
- COIN = cricket
- UtilityHelo1 = ibis
- UFO = ufo event vehicle
- FastBomber1 = alkyon

> [!NOTE]
> This config will be autogenerated using aircraft in the game, so if the game updates and adds a new aircraft, 
> you delete the config and it should regenerate with the name of the new aircraft, i also have not tested if this 
> picks up aircraft added into the game using Nikkorap's Blueprinter mod.

The toggles for each of the aircraft should be found in `<GameDir>\BepInEx\config\AircraftWhitelistConfig.json`

## Building Project

Change `<GameDir>YourGameDirectoryHere</GameDir>` inside GameDir.targets to the install location of your game. <br>
Example: `<GameDir>C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Nuclear Option</GameDir>`
